Update Governance docs (#492)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: governance/README.md

> # Governance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Governance Working Group
```

The Governance working group of Contributor Strategy aims to assist all CNCF projects with implementing good open source governance practices.  If you are looking for the governance documents of TAG-Contributor-Strategy itself, please refer to our [Contributing Guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md), which provides more details.

> If you are interested in helping with this project, please speak up on #tag-contributor-strategy in [CNCF Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CT6CWS1JN), or on the [mailing list](https://lists.cncf.io/g/cncf-tag-contributor-strategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to this working group, please engage with us on #tag-contributor-strategy in [CNCF Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CT6CWS1JN), or on the [mailing list](https://lists.cncf.io/g/cncf-tag-contributor-strategy).
```

While at it, let's make this sentence a bit softer 😄

Author: O, yes. That could be a little softer

Facilitators:

* Josh Berkus ([@jberkus](https://github.com/jberkus)), Red Hat
* Dawn Foster ([@geekygirldawn](https://github.com/geekygirldawn)), CHAOSS Project

## Resources

We provide resources to CNCF projects that are focused on implementing or enhancing governance processes. Projects can discover more about the available governance options and their impact on their project by visiting the [Governance section](https://contribute.cncf.io/maintainers/governance/) on our website.

> If your project requires governance templates, please explore the [CNCF project template repository](https://github.com/cncf/project-template). Projects have the option to either replicate the entire template or select specific sections to incorporate into your existing documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

See comment below that explains why I think we should delete this section.

> Additionally, we encourage projects to explore the ["Templates"](https://contribute.cncf.io/maintainers/templates/) section on our website. This section contains "How To" guides that explain the template's usage through examples, comprehensive instructions, and links to other projects that have inspired aspects of this initiative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whether your project is creating your first governance document or looking for ways to improve on existing governance models, we encourage projects to explore the ["Templates"](https://contribute.cncf.io/maintainers/templates/) section on our website. This section contains "How To" guides that explain the governance template's usage through examples, comprehensive instructions, and links to other projects that have inspired aspects of this initiative. The templates themselves live in the [CNCF project template repository](https://github.com/cncf/project-template) repository, but we encourage projects to start with the "How To" guides on the website before diving into the templates directly.
```

I wanted to swap the order of this and combine them to talk about the how to guides first so that people don't just start with the templates.
